Time.
It's your most precious resource.
Yet non profits spend 40%
of it on financial tasks.
Let's give that time back to your mission.
Raising funds easily and
growing them effortlessly.
As a non profit ourselves, Better
Giving understands this challenge.
and provides you with a
complete financial platform.
Integrating free donation processing with
high yield savings and investment growth.
Our best in class donation form
lets you accept any type of donation
directly from your own website.
From cash and donor advised
funds to crypto and stocks.
Receive grants directly to your
bank account or save and invest
a portion for your future.
Better Giving's optional fund management
services provide a secure high
yield savings account and balanced
investment funds to grow your donations.
You maintain complete control of
your funds, request monthly transfers
or grants whenever you need them.
We handle all reporting, tax
receipts and compliance, even
for crypto and stock donations.
We believe in three fundamental
rights for all non profits.
Financial self sufficiency, organizational
autonomy, and equal opportunity.
That's why we offer accessible fund
management, empower non profit choice, and
provide free donation processing globally.
Join the
thousands of organizations are
already able to fundraise, save,
and invest with Better Giving.
Register today at better.giving to
get your time back, simplify your
fundraising, and amplify your impact.